hello everyone in salina and today I'll
be sharing with you guys why I chose
Cambridge over Princeton now over the
past few weeks I've been sharing with
you guys a few details about my
applications to both universities and a
lot of you guys have been asking in a
commons and from my blog which
University I ended up choosing so I
thought I'd make a little video about my
reasons for choosing Cambridge now
before we get into this I just want to
say that I was actually never planning
on studying in the UK I always thought
that I would study at an American
University I actually have no idea why
but it was just kind of in my head so
I'm actually kind of surprised that I
ended up choosing the UK over the US and
yeah let's take a look at my reasons so
my first reason for choosing Cambridge
over Princeton was the major because at
the end of the day I want to become a
lawyer and I've known that I want to
study law for over 4 years now so I'm
pretty sad on that major but in the u.s.
you cannot major in law as an
undergraduate but in the UK you can
study law for your undergraduate studies
so it was actually more beneficial for
me to go to the UK because I could study
the thing that I really wanted to study
for a few years now a little bit earlier
and I couldn't new us because in the
u.s. you can only do law for your master
so going to the UK had that benefit of
studying what I really want to study and
that was obviously a big plus for UK now
my second reason was that in the u.s.
you do an education called liberal arts
which means that you explore a lot of
different courses and a lot of different
subject areas while in the UK you only
have your subject and that is all that
you study now I think I would have liked
exploring a little bit because also in
school even the subjects that I didn't
like as much I still found them quite
interesting because I always learn
something new and you know something
that I could apply somewhere else but on
the other hand I do want to study law
and not you know biology or chemistry or
whatever so I was being focusing on the
thing that I really like it's actually
better for me because I'm someone who's
really set on a major and a career so
it's very clear where I want to go with
and you asked you know they give you a
chance to explore a little bit it's
really better to go there if you're not
really sure what you want to major in
but if someone who is very certain
they're bad is the major they want to
study I think going to the UK is the
smarter decision because you're only
focused on the
thing that you really wanted to study
him now my friend reason was the
financial aid at Princeton gave me
because for instance financial aid was
just not great because Princeton has
their own financial aid application so
there's a lot of things that they don't
consider that schools that used to CSS
profile were just a common financial aid
application would consider now the
result of that was that Princeton
expected my parents to contribute almost
double as much as any other school that
used to CSS profile expected him to
contribute and that was just a lot so
for me going to Cambridge was actually
looked cheaper than going to Princeton
because I'm an EU students so I pay
reduced fees at Cambridge and you know
that means that I could just save some
money on my undergrad and then actually
have a bit of money left for my master
which is quite important when you
already know that you want to do a must
and I'm someone where it's very clear
that I'm very likely going to do a
master and you know you want to plan
ahead for the future and not just plan
for the next three years because doing a
master can also be quite expensive
so for me choosing the cheap option was
really the better way here now my full
reason for choosing Hampshire where
Princeton was the accommodation now in
the u.s. usually live with like at least
one roommate and you share a bathroom
with like 2030 people and in the UK it's
quite different or at least at the
College in Cambridge that I applied to
which is st. John's College because
usually you have your own bathroom or
you share one roommate and you know that
is a huge difference of sharing a
bathroom with like 20 to fetch people
and you know I know what I'm talking
about when I say sharing a bathroom of
20 to 30 people because that's what I
did for the past two years in boarding
school and I lived in a dorm with three
other girls so you know I know what dorm
life is like and personally I love my
roommates and I love living in a dorm
but it can also be quite exhausting and
I'm really excited for having that own
room for a change and you know being
able to really decide when you want to
wake up when do you want to start
studying and all of this stuff because
it's just you know a lot more convenient
say so
although I do ups a living of her
roommate also has a lot of benefits
because you literally have a best friend
from the first day on and that is just
great so I just think that living with a
roommate will also have been nice but
you know sharing your bathroom we're
training 230 people is usually not nice
so you know I'm really excited for
having me
bathroom for change now that was of
course not a major reason but you know
convenience is a concern for every
student and every allows reason for
choosing Cambridge over Princeton was
the way that the university is
communicated with me because Cambridge
reached out to me immediately after I
got a condition alpha and one of their
professors actually came to Hong Kong
and talks to me and answered all my
questions and you know I told him in all
honesty you know I'm not really planning
on coming to the UK because I really
want to go to the US and he was like
well that's okay and the son but you
know I do want to know if you have any
questions you can reach out to me and he
was like you know why don't you just
keep the conditional for for now and see
if you can meet the conditions and you
know he actually then offered to Skype
with me after I met my conditional offer
you know to answer any questions that I
still had and I was just amazed by you
know how much they showed me that they
really wanted me to come to the college
because from Princeton sighs nothing
like that was coming you know again
that's maybe not the way that they do
outreach but you know it just showed me
that in Cambridge they really want me to
get to know the college they want me to
know what life at Cambridge is like and
they really want me to come there and
that just made me feel like I would
probably be a bit happier there because
they really showed me as a college that
they actually cared about me as an
applicant and then me as a potential
student there and I think that is really
the most important thing when choosing
University choose a place where you
think you can be happy and what you
think you're gonna fit in but also what
you think you're gonna be challenged and
I do think that Cambridge is gonna be
very challenging academically like I
think it's gonna be really hard and I am
a little bit scared of the hard work but
I'm also really excited because I'm
going study the thing that I wanted to
study for the past four years so I think
it's going to be a really great
experience but it's also going to be
quite tough but yet you know we're gonna
see I hope that you guys will follow my
journey at Cambridge University for my
blog and for my channel and yeah if you
guys any questions about my university
applications on my decision feel free to
write them in the comments or write me
for the context section off my block
we're just linked in the infobox below
thank you guys so much for watching this
video I hope you enjoyed it bye